proofpoint-TAP apps doc (#2554)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/saas-cloud/proofpoint-TAP.md

---

> id: proofpoint-TAP

Reviewer: urls must be lowercase 

```suggestion
id: proofpoint-tap
```

## Log types

> This app uses [Proofpoint TAP source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/proofpoint-tap-source/) to collect messages and click SIEM events using [SIEM API](https://help.proofpoint.com/Threat_Insight_Dashboard/API_Documentation/SIEM_API).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This app uses [Proofpoint TAP source](/docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/proofpoint-tap-source/) to collect messages and and retrieves SIEM events through the [SIEM API](https://help.proofpoint.com/Threat_Insight_Dashboard/API_Documentation/SIEM_API).
```
